Adding new flag for not having the CosmosIndexingPolicy override. (#33171)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/cosmos/azure-spring-data-cosmos/README.md

}
```
#### Indexing Policy

> - By default, IndexingPolicy will be set by azure service. To customize it add annotation `@CosmosIndexingPolicy` to domain class. This annotation has 5 attributes to customize, see following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By default, IndexingPolicy will be set by Azure Portal Service. To customize it add annotation `@CosmosIndexingPolicy` to domain class. This annotation has 5 attributes to customize, see following:
```

```java readme-sample-CosmosIndexingPolicyCodeSnippet

> // Indicate if you want to overwrite the plicy currently defined in portal or not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Indicates if you want to overwrite the policy currently defined in portal by the Indexing Policy specified on the SDK. 
```
